(GER,medium) IThe importance and popularity of travelling is still raising , Everybody is interested in getting to know other countries and continents but the ways how to do it , are very differently . I agree with the statement that it is the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide . If you travel in a group and you have a tour guide you get to know the most famous places and you get to know interesting things about the country you decided to visit . The tour guide would organise everything for you , so the only thing you would have to do is to go to the appointments with the group . Another aspect is that you would get to know a lot of interesting people . When you travel in a group it is very easy to get to know other people because usually you sit in the same bus or you sleep in the same hotel like the others do . That is why you are never borring when you travel in groups . If you decide to travel in a group and you visit a country which is dangerouses then the tour guide can inform you about this dangerouses and he can say you how to avoid risks . Sometimes there are special rules or other things which can bring you in trouble when you do not follow them . Furthermore a tour guide can help you with communication problems . When you are not able to speak the language people in the country you visit speak , then the tour guide can help you because he has to be able to speak it . So if you have to visit the doctor or you have to go to the police because something happended to you , then you can ask your tour guide and he would be able to help you . These are the reasons why I prefer to tavel in a group with a tour guide .
(TUR,high) It is an important decision , how to plan your syllabus . Some students prefer to take a lot of courses and expand their knowledge , whereas some other prefer to specialize in one specific subject . In this essay I will dwell on the advantages of specializing in one subject and argue in its favor . There are at least three reasons why choosing one subject is better than trying to keep balance between many subjects . The first and most important reason for me is that this way people concentrate on one thing and do not feel anxiety about time-management and deadlines . In contrast , student who take three or four subjects are very busy and stressed , because they have to prepare for many exams and see different lecturers , which is confusing and the results are not as good as those of the ones from the one subject plan . In addition , when one specializes in one subject then this person has more chances to be well-informed about it and do his best , being sure he recieves the best knowledge and invests in something substantial and prosperious . The second reason is that this kind of studying gives the opportunity to work and gain your own money . Usually students depend on their parents and have to explain why they need money , which is not very pleasant . For instance , I used to work when i did not have many lessons and I was happy that I was able to succeed in working and doing something important as an adult does , relying on my own experience . The third reason is that the students can pay more attention to their relatives , friends and even their hobbies . Moreover , life is not only studying and if we cannot enjoy it , we should rethink our point of view . For example , students , who do not have fun and only study , get sick and miss the both chances . The psychologies have proved that working hard is not the best for our health and we should take rest from time to time . In my opinion , it is better to specialize in one subject , because this choice makes us have more healthy life , which has is successful too .
(CHI,medium) Some people believe that young people can enjoy life more than older poeple do . But from my point of view , the opposite is the truth . I think it is hardly for a young man to enjoy his life better than an older man . First of all , nowadays few young people are aware the purpose of their lives . It is hard to say that a person could be happy without knowing the purpose of his life . Instead , many of them idle their precious time . They do not know what they should care most in their life . Older people , on the contrary , know exactly what their purpose are . So they do not care much over other trifles as young people do . They know how to set up a goal and keep chasing it . This is what I envy older people most . One of my cousins spent two years in a colleage and try to find her favorite major . But even now she cannot make up her mind because she change her interest so frequently . Furthermore , young people are not mature enough to control themselves . So they make more mistakes . Many young people do things just out of an impluse , . Sometimes it can be dangerous to do things this way . As for older people , most of them know clearly what is right and what is wrong . They have their own judgements and they can often do things according to their life experiences . No wonder our young people always need an adult to teach us right from wrong . Finally , young people are much easier to give in to temptations , especially in today 's society . They are not steady enough to avoid the bad effects of many negative things in our society . But as for older people , they have seen much more than us , so they know when and how to say no to temptations . So , I think it is easier for an older person to enjoy his life than a young person . But I also believe we young people need guides and we learn how to live and enjoy our lives through mistakes and experiences . As we grow older , we will enjoy our lives better .
(TEL,medium) Travelling is usually considered as good recreation by many people , as many people love travelling for different puroses . To make travelling enjoyable and pleasant it is always best to have some company and probably a person who can guide you about the place . So i agree withe statement it is best to travel in a group led by a tour guide because if offers a lot of advantages than travelling alone , First let us consider this . If you are travelling alone and suddenly you feel sick because of the food of the place or climate of the place has not suited you . Then nobody will be there to help you with your recovery since are alone . But if are travelling in a group the other people will take you to hospital and help you through your recovery . Secondly if you travel in a group you can exchange your ideas about the place or about the culture of the place you are visiting and the local customs because in certain regions of the world some things we do might offend the people . So if you are in a group pleople who has already visited or read about the place can tell you about it . If you are alone you will not have this oppourtunity for you . For examle pointing fingers at persons at people in India is termed Disrespectful and if you go there and unknowling if you point fingers at others than you might offend the people there . Thirdly if in a team if you are lead by tour guide he or she will take you to the best places , unknown sitesand will tell you the importance of the place . This way you will reduce the time to see the place and can use the remaining for the the relaxation purose . So i finally i conclude that travelling in a group led by a tour guide is usually pleasant , helpful , reliable and best way . So keeping in mind of all the advatages it is best travel in a group led by a tour guide
(ARA,low) i agree that . Life is a person live period of time . Some people believe that the life is interisted and some do not . Some said that young people enjoy life more than older people do . young people may have more chances to enjoy their life than the old people . as goverments care of them more and build for them more interested places . Also , the young people always have the ability to do many things that old people can not do . For example , young people can have interest in enternet cafe ' while many old people do not . many old people have deseases that rob from them thier health and make them disapair . Many old people have problems in their mucels and that made pain for them . young people have many things to do in their life . They may interest in their bissnes or with their friends in many places . in my point of view , people must have fun when the were young because they will lose many chances while their oldness .
(SPA,medium) In my opinion , travel in group with a tour guide is not a good way of travelling . Duo to you have to schedule your time at the time that tour guide told you . And if you want to do others activities you just cant , because you have to go to the specific parts that were assignated for you since you choose to travel with a tour guide . In one hand , you cant go to visit places that you are more interested to go , in first place because you are travelling with a group of people and have to be togheter all the time . therefore you cannot live them and go to somehere else . Sometimes , it happens that you are looking something good for you in a store while you are walking round there , and you really want to buy it , but the problem is that you will not make any stop there with your travel group , so you have to leave , because the tour guide have rush on time , and he is hurring you , so you dont have the chance even to go through the store and see if the stuff isnt good for you . As far as i am concerned , if you go on a travel with a group and led you by a tour guide , you always go up on the travel bus , and all that you can see is through the window , and sometimes you even cant see anything , because the bus going fast . On the other hand , you cant really know the real places you are visiting for , because in my opinion the best way of visit a city is going by your own or with a group of friends that they likly to go with you and agreed to the thinks you wanna do during the trip . In conclusion , it is possible that you can travel with a tour guide , but only if you are not interested in the city your are visiting , or if you are in a hurry and you just want to see the most relevant places you are interested .
(GER,medium) I thing the statement '' Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping thier communities '' is wrong and right . You have to look at all aspect this statement give us . On one hand existing enough people who do not interessting for communities . These people are in their own world and could only see their own problems . Sure , you have to manage your own life first till you can help other peole but there are also people who have a good life and no problems and are not interesstest in social life . On the other side there are many young people , who are visiting old peole or doing other nice things . The problem nowadays is the politics . If the politics would not be as bad as it is in the moment , younger people would have their head free for other things like the communities . For example , the problem to get a job is a very difficult thing . Many factory - owners want to have good workers who should not be silly . So the not intelligent persons are not getting a job . If you have no job you can not buy food or can not rent a appartment . When a young person has a problem like this , that he or she maybe has to sleep at the street , he/she can not look after the communities . Sometimes also the problem exist that people want to help , but they can not because the social-houses are in a bad vioce . If that happens there is no use for the biggest help . So all in all you can see that for every statement you have to look at many aspects to get a result . But in the end I think the statement is right because young people have their own things they have to do and could not care about so much aspects in their town . And in the end you can see that every person is a little bit egoism . That is very dissapointing but the truth .
(GER,high) Whether or not young people enjoy life more than older people do is an interesting question , and I for one disagree with that statement . First and foremost one has to understand that enjoying oneself does not necessarily have to mean enjoying similar things . With that in mind , it becomes clear that older people do not necessarily enjoy life less than young people do . First , let 's look at two different rather popular activities for both , the young and the old . How about sports - sports is a rather popular pasttime activity for the younger generation . But it 's also an important part of older people 's lifes , a point that is supported by the fact that certain activities that have fascinated the older generation first but have now moved on to include the younger generation as well ( without of course losing any importance to the older generation , it 's like a side-by-side activity ) do exist . Sports can therefore be enjoyed by both , the young and the old , and does not leave anyone behind . If you do n't feel like jumping down a cliff into the ocean then do n't - there 's other activities like running , iceskating or , the one I referred to above to illustrate an activity moving down the generational ladder rather than up : nordic walking . And what about a very different pasttime activity that both , the yound and the old enjoy : going out and enjoying oneself with friends . While the youth has bars , pubs and clubs to enjoy itself , the older generation usually prefers locations with less noise and more atmosphere , yet not necessarily less fun . If one enjoys a nice restaurant or a dance then age does n't really matter - a 90-year old can enjoy himself next to a 30-year old and both will be having a blast . Yet another point I would like to make is money and time . It 's a known fact that older people , especially retirees , statistically have more money to spend than younger people , who might have to support an entire family of four or more on one single income , do . And unfortunately , in our society money equals fun . A very good example is travelling , which in our society is just another word for seemingly endless enjoyment all over the world . Travelling is quite expensive though , a family of four will not be able to afford a Carribean cruise on a ship , nor will it have time or money for an extended cruise or travels that last longer than a week or two . With more time on their hands older people can usually sit back and relax , enjoy their free time in foreign countries or even at home with their friends . Which , as my final point , is what I think the most important factor of enjoying oneself . Friends are the salt in the soup , and while older people do n't tend to have more friends than the younger generation ( true , I do n't have any hard evidence to support this , but it has been my general observation in my immediate environment ) , they usually tend to have closer friends that they have known for decades . Sharing ones life with a life partner or a good friend is what makes life worth living to some people , and in order to do that age does n't matter - attitude matters . I think I have made my point clear that I do not think that younger people enjoy life more than older people do . From the outside and from a rather superficial point of view this might seem to be the case , given that according to the media - which unfortunately is made mostly for young people - only young people seem to enjoy life on TV and in the movies . It 's a certain stereotype that the movie industry has been presenting us for many years and it seems to have attached itself to our society where age equals boredom and loneliness . Personally I think that if I had a time machine and would be able to look at a 20 years older me I would discover , that the older me would still be having fun in life and enjoying itself just as the young me does right now .
(HIN,high) In the era of science and technology , the people generally pay more attention to short path for learning rather than long path such as deep understanding of ideas and concepts . Everyone has different perspective of education . So , when I am thinking by considering all the points , I conclude that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts . I hold several reasons derived from my personal experience for holding this opinion . First , more emphases should be placed on the way in which the ideas are derived . This is possible only if person understands ideas and concept . For instance , if I dont know Newtons Law of Motion , i am not able to establish a stucture of steamer . And evenif I have structeured it would be captivated soon , because of misdesign . So , just learning facts how to manufacture the steamer does n't ensure me the effective working of it . Moreover , for innovations understanding of ideas and concepts is necessary . Most of the investigations concur with the fact that understanding of concept lead to development of facts . For example , understanding of the mechanism of action of a drug on receptor , derives the fact wheather the drug will have side effects or not . It is impossible for any psychologist to deny the fact that learning fact is short term memory , while understaning the same thing is long term memory . So , understanding will not limit your knowledge till writing a test , but throughout your life time . Eventually , this knowledge can be utilised in constuctive and innovative way . For example , when i was little , my teacher told me to understand ideas of cell biology . On that platform , ultimately I developed a model showing different physicochemical reactions occuring in the cell . In summary , I found that , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concept , because some of the many advantages of understanding ideas and concepts include long term memory , basic manufacturing sence and innovative ideas which creat a fact .
(JPN,low) I agree with this statement . I think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . I have three reasons . First , recently we use a lot of natural resource . And I think that we have to stop to use that . If we use that like this pace , we will have to use all natural resource in 20 years . Natural resource is fewer and fewer , everyday and every year . If we use all natural resource , it must thai we can not live . Because , if we can not have resourse , we can not use air controler . I can not live without air controler in summer . Japanese summer can not live without air controler ! Second , I think that a new trafical tool will invite in Japan . Next twenty years , we will use new trafic tool everyday . The new trafics tools shape is like train , but faster than train and later than plane . Third , I think that Dokodemo Door will come to our world , from animation ( Doraemon ) world . If we can use it , our life become very very convenience ! And we become that we never use a car . These are the reasons why I think in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . And I think , we should take care about natural resource .
(KOR,low) Today , the method of teaching is mainly discussing in all around world . I think understanding ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts because of two reasons ; effectiveness to another proplem , and make a considerated person . First , if we understand ideas that on the book , or the profeesor explained we can easily get a solution from similar situations or problems . For example , we have learned ` 1 + 1 = 2 ' . we know not only this answers but also its sequence to solve . Unless we underatand the method . ` 1 + 1 = 2 ' is just fact . not mine . Secondly , we can be more considerating person . By accessing solutions , we could face various kinds of obstacle . Then , we take a time to review about waht was wrong and are there any otherway to solve the problem In conclusion , there is a saying that `` teach him ` how to get fish ' , do n't teach him ` how to eat fish ''' . This shows what I exactly mean . Ignore all of the sequence is caused unhumanty soceity and unconsiderating society . Therefore I think to understand ideas and concepts are more important than to learn facts .
(CHI,medium) according to this statment , i think that students should learn the facts more than just understand the idea and concepts because if they just understand the ideas and the concepts , they are n't really understand what they have learn . and , if they just understand the ideas and the concepts , they ca n't use what they have learn in the future . if students just understand the ideas and the concepts , they do n't know what they have already learn . for example , a student wants to learn how to swim , he knows the idea and the concept , but he does n't try it before . he thnks that he knows how to swim ; however , he does n't . or if a student is learning how to play piano , he listens to the teacher teach him how to play the piano , he knows many things about how to play a piano , but he does n't play the piano before . does he know how to play a piano ? the answer is not , he does n't know how to play it . because he is just a paper soldier , he just knows how to talk , but not to play . nevertheless , if students learn the fact , they can use it in the future . students study many things at school , but there are only a little knowlegal they can use in the the future . for example , if the studens study business at school , after they finish the school . they can be the businessman . if some people study nursing at school , they can be a nurse in the future . however , if those people just understand the ideas and the conceptsat school , they will mkae some trouble in the future . there are many things happen suddenly , if they do n't now the fact , they ca n't slove the problem if they should face the problem at that time . however , if they have learn the fact , it is easier to slove a problem than they just understand the ideas and the concepts on everythings . therefore , students must learn the fact of everything when they are at school because it will affect their future if they just understand the ideas and the concepts about everythings
(FRE,medium) All along the day , we are surrounded by cars . They are integrated in our environment and they are part of our life . Nowadays , cars have become the main way to transport humans . There are different ways to use it for the daylife or occasionally . You can use it when you go to your workplace , at school , to do shopping , or to go to holidays . However , the abusive use of the cars has led to many problems such as costs , price of oil , the depedency of arabian countries , pollution , the traffic . So , there is a dilema because we both need cars and in the same time they are destroying our planet . In the first part , we will discuss about the positive aspects of the cars , in the second part we will discuss about the drawbacks of using a car and finally we will discuss about the alternatives of the car . First of all , cars have a social and economic impact . When you have a great car , it means that you have a high salary and a high social position . Cars ' constructors have understood this and they want to offer to their customers the most technollogical advanced car with a high power motor and they also add some gadgets such as GPS , television and other many options . The constructors made a lot of benefits on it and they have high return on investment . So , cars have a positive impact on the economy and I do n't think that the government will try to put restrictions on this . However , the government , tries to limit pollution . In France , you have not the right to use you car when there is a high level of pollution in the air . He tries to regulate the traffic and push people to use common transports such as the bus or the subway . In my opinion more and more people do n't use their car any more to avoid the traffic . There are some alternatives such as hybrid car which don ' t use oil . I think this is the best solution because it is a compromise .
(TUR,high) Help of the young people to their communities have always been important for all communities . It is also a fact that the need for their help is increasing as the sizes of the communities are also increasing . In spite of this increasing demand , young people of our days do not give much time to helping their communities . But we should not blame them because there are reasons for their behaviour on this issue , such as harder education system of our days , the places young persons generally live and the bad conditions of community services . The education system of our times are much harder than the past times . Harder topics are included in majors in order to give the students the ability to compete with other students from different schools , while trying to find a job . Moreover , students now have to spend too much time for preparing for this hard education in order to be successful , which limits their time a lot . Secondly , the increase in the number of young people who are attenting to the schools made the schools to build big campuses outside the cities , in order to provide more capacity . Therefore , students started to live in these campuses as it is hard for them to go to a school which is far away everyday . Because of the distances of these campuses to the city and the limitation of the time of the students , they cannot attend to the social events or community services which generally take place in the cities . Moreover , it is a fact that the governments do not do anything that will attract the young people to take role in community services . The environments of such services are really poor and also there is not enough chance for young people to have important roles in these organizations . Governments should support the young people and provide better conditions in the community services in order to attract the attention of young people . To conclude , it is clear that nowadays , young people are not giving much time to the benefits of their community than they were giving before . However , it will be wrong to blame them for this as they work harder during their educations , live in places far from the cities and are not attracted by the terrible conditions that community services mostly have .
(SPA,medium) There are different aspects of one 's personality that may lead you to success . To name a few , we may say consistency , responsability , determination , etc . But , what about being couragous , creative and daring ?? Without courage and creativity humanity would n't have evolved and now days the word `` technology '' would n't exist in our dictionary . Definitely , successful people need to create new ways , try diferent ways and find new ways of doing things driving by the ambition for a better living . Being curious , visionary and daring what has been `` stated '' has being proved by history to be in a high extend responsible for our evolution . Staying `` safe '' , does n't get you anywhere . It may not get you anywhere bad , but for sure , it wo n't take you to a better place in life . One important aspect of leaders is having vision in the way of leading a team , a company , etc . They also are able to reach and find new ways to approach a certain problem and try new ways of doing things successfully . By trying new things and new ways , people get a better understanding of life therefore acquiring more wisdom . If one wants to live a better and more plentiful life , I find it basic to experiment , dare a little , risk it a bit and try new things .
(FRE,high) In whatever lesson , we learn ideas , concepts and facts . Ideas present the topic and facts are an application of these ideas . I think it 's more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it 's for them to learn facts . The way to understand well a lesson is , first of all , to understand ideas and concepts and then , understand facts . It 's not reversible . For example , in history class about World War One , you have to understand why this war took place and why all the countries were involved in this fight before learning facts : battles , events , great names , famous days ... Another example happens in mathematics class , you see that a theorem can be applied to particular cases but you should have understod before all the concepts which are used in the theorem . Secondly , I think that , in a lesson , ideas and concepts are more significant than simple facts . Indeed , facts are just applications of ideas . I mean that without ideas and concepts , you ca n't totaly understand a lesson . You can partially , of course , but it 's not the same . I ca n't really explain it but you feel differently when you 've understood all . I feel kind of victorious when all is clear in my head . You ca n't get all the details explained if you 've just learnt facts because they are not enough to get to the heart of a topic . At last , what is the point of a lecture or a lesson if you just remember facts ? Facts ca n't exist without ideas or concepts whereas ideas and concepts do n't have to be related to facts to exist . I know it sounds weird but some fields of knowledge such as metaphysics do n't really have any applications . However , they exist . Besides , we always can extract an idea from a fact , whereas the opposite is n't as easy as we think . For all these reasons , I think that students should understand ideas and concepts before learning facts .
(JPN,medium) Some people say that broad knowledge is better , but I believe tha to specialize in one specific subject is better for human lives . First of all , new things are innovated or discovered only by specialized knowledge in one specific subject . The cutting edge technologies or arts can bring about development of human lives . For example , robots which aid handicapped people were not invented without special research in a robot thechnology . In the field of arts , the computer graphic which entertains many people in films or TVs can not invented without computer . This example clearly shows how the specialized knowledge contributes to the society . In addition , a worry that the society with only specialized people is biased and hard to live with is not true . It is because that various kind of people with special knowkedge can complement each others . For example , many manufacture companies employ specialized people and make them research in special fields . Sometimes those specialists produce strange things , but the specialists in other divisions can point out problems of the products . Even if the odd products go out to a market , they do n't sell . Consequently , specialistes realize they are wrong and improve their products , which leads to further innovation . This example clearly shows that specialized knowledge does not always make biased society . Thus , people do not worry about that . For the reasons pointed above , I am sure that specialized knowledge leads to better human life and should be respected more than broad knowledge .
(ARA,low) No body can deny that there are primary factors which serves afunction in the needs and the nessaiety of using the cars , and how it conterbuite as an important part of our lives , but in the same time we ca n't forget the negative effects of using these cars , on the environment and the health of the people , consequntley , there are many traists which became on the surface and suggeted that there must be arecent vision to use fewer cars in the future in order to decrease the factors of the pollution , and the etiologies of the crash in the streets and the traffic . Well I see that it is agood idea , but is it realiastic one which we can make it true ? . That is the point , the researches are lots , the ideas , the studies and even the suggetions also are many , they talk about the cars and the solution they can be insight with it in their global vision ( the global vision of the sientifice and the researchers ) , but can they and I mean the responsibilites persons also , can they make the people use fewer cars in the future . Thus , I think that there must be taxes and laws which inforced by the responsiplers towards the people to use one car instead of four cars in the same house , anf that will be agood factor to make the count of the cars few , adiditionally , there must be lectures and programmes whish orgnizated for the people to increase their environmently consious tounderstand and know the aims and the distinations of the idea whish standing on using fewer cars in the futur , and educate them the main effects of that phenomenon ( using lage numbers of cars ) , the effects on their children health and what can it cause of the diseases of the smokes whish pushed from these cars to the environment , aquestion need an answer ... why we ca n't try to use bicyles in stead of the cars if our works near our houses , or our tour will not be far away and leave the cars for the far away jobs ?
(KOR,medium) I agree with the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . There are several reasons for saying this . The group tour is not only convineant but also efficent . First of all , I can gain more information about visiting places easlly although I should accept a rule that is made by guide . For example , When I went to Japan alone , I was confused because I could not know that were taking subway or how i can go to hotel . Therefore , provided information by a guide is more convineant for my trip . In addition , group tour is not expenssive than along because a tour guide provides useful information . Also , I can choose reasonable restaurant and shop . saving my money is more efficent for me because I am able to prepare suvinior for my families and friends . Finally , I can make relationship other tourist . It can be useful experience . Whereas , If I went to foreign country , I could stay alone . For example , when I went to France in group tour , I have met a friend who is There are reasons why I choose a group led by a tour guide .
(ITA,medium) I personally disagree with the given statement . In my opinion there is only a different way to enjoy the life between yougers and olders . Young people are in the beginning of their life and they have still so much to try that they are attracted to the more exstavagant things to do . Also substained by their young age and lower experience they can afford more risk and try situations that make their adrenalin level to the top . But all of this is only giuded by their desire to become experienced about life , this is not a real more enjoyng way of life . The older part of the society does not spend a sad life . They have tried all that emotions in the past and now they can enjoy through others experiences . With many resposabilities to take care of , they can now get their enjoyment from what they have built , their families , their social relationship lasted many years , their jobs and so on . I do not think this is boring or less enjoying . May be the difference that many underlines is in the impact of the two kinds of enjoyment . It is clear that what a boy do is spectacularly enjoying , i do not want to say it is not , but also the style of living fo an adult can offer a real enjoyment , just a different kind and perhaps more deeper in the soul . In conclusion we can not do a garduatory about what gives us more enjoyment but , in a easier way of thinking , I want to say that every age has its own enjoyment , the problem is only how to catch it .
(TUR,low) Day by day the world getting global the people thoughts getting common This good development bring same bad behaviour to the people One of this behaviour is being selfish wh'ch mostly appears on young people Nowadays it can be seen on the young people life style They see the life not just for living in a safe and sound they want to earn much money the good skills and the comfortable conditions / And by making this life advantages they are forgetting to the importance of the being social They spent all the time to going around and for resting or samething which is not useful for the public They are getting used to living just for themselves They never thing about their responsibilities for the social life Maybe the life push them to that way They learn from their history to be more social and helpful but the nowadays adults don not show them how to react and what are the tasks for the being a fertile They pushed from adults living just for their future just to earn money and educate themselves very well and after these they have no time left to help their
(TEL,medium) Yup ! i do agree with is statement that most of the people in the world are not spending their atleast time to help their communities , because their is a major problem , is lacking behind the people , at which people are not spending their time to help their respective communities is that everyone are selfish in their jobs , means which include many . The people are more effective in their familie 's , with their wife and childrens . To overcome this problem , people should take immediate action in this case ,, each and every one should built helping nature , should obey their elders , younger and especially , should obey their parents , so by developing this helpling skills in their nature 's the respect towards their communites will be gained and automatically , every one will help poor people . The major point i would like to contrast is `` DONATING '' , by making donatings to the poor people , people could gain lot of respect in their respective community , not only donating to the poor people , also creating charitable trusts my making contributions people could gain higher priority in their respective societies . Today there are many people who are starving because of food , not only food also with clothes and no shelter . However today we are seeing that , most of the people are dying with lack of food starvation and shelter , this incidents we are suppose to know by reading newspapers and by seeing the news , most of this belongs to poorer countries in which their government is not in the position to afford food and shelter to the people in their respective cities . So , in every country ( poor or rich ) government should take immediate actions on such type of incidents and should provide the poor people to get them survive in their lifes . The above points which , i made is not only that government should help the communities but , it belongs to everyone that each and every person in the society should behave as a responcible person , should respect their communities and spend atleast little time to look after the poor people and help them in their poor life .
(ARA,high) I agree with the statement that it is better for a person to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject . Specialization can be a good thing in life , it helps a person to be good at what he does and be effecient in his work . However , sometimes if a person chooses to take many academic subjects , it gets interesting . Lets say for example , a person takes biology , history and phsycology . All this knowledge is a great advantage ! It leads the person to be more knowledgable , more aware of lots of things and also gives a sense of fun . Your mind expands and gets different and interesting information each day from different topics . Knowledge is a bunch of facts that you accquire from experiences and everyday routines . knowledge on one thing makes life boring especially for a person who is always curious and wants to learn new things . knowledge is unlimited , you have access to it anytime and anywhere . I could choose to know everything about one certain topic but that limits my knowledge to that one topic . But how about knowing information about different topics ? this makes you even more social with different type of people . A doctor who knows history gets people astonished . They begin to understand the fact that he is good at what he does but also has interest for many other things . In high school , i 've always chosen different electives like music , french and also computer lessons . I wanted to know more about each or even be good at them like in my major subject . It made me feel wise and able to talk to people about alot of subjects . I could argue and talk in different areas with different types of people , it gives a good impression and also makes my life interesting to learn new stuff and facts everyday . That explains why actors now are persuing careers in singing or being leaders of charity acts or organizations . They want to try more . It 's better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . To learn different facts everyday gives color to the mind . Life is short as they say , so make use of it .
(SPA,low) I 'm disagree with this statement . There are very differences in young and older people enjoy . The energy in young people can influence in their enjoy For example the young could to dance every night , but it is n't to older people , so they are not enjoy in a party every night . The health is other factor to people enjoy . If I 'm sick and I wanna to drink beer with some friends , I could not . The mode of enjoy life is determinated how it see the life . If I like the parties but I 'm older for it , is obvius that i 'm not enjoy life . But if I like swim in the ecean and I can do it , then I could enjoy life in every moment . The young have their own enjoy , so the older have their own enjoy . I could n't to say this enjoy life more than this other , because their likes are very differents . I think the people that do the things as like them , they enjoy life , it would be young or older , anybody would be very happy . Finally , the energy , the health , the likes or dislikes influence in our enjoy . The young people or the older people can enjoy life alround their likes . Anybody could enjoy life . When I do the wanted , then I enjoy life . Whatever , wherever and whenever I can enjoy life , but It have to like me , I have to can do it , young or older I enjoy life , it is not determinate for the age or for the times . It could be always when you want to do it !
(SPA,high) `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . '' This is a statement many people from different age groups claim to be true . But I believe that this statement is not true . Young people can enjoy life , most of them do . But the problem nowadays is that all the young kids and young adults have a desire to grow faster and mature earlier in order to be allowed to do more things . As well , many of them take several things for granted , such as children 's games , situations and experiences that you only experience in your childhood . They believe that these situations such as climbing the tree or sleeping in a childrens ' house will always be there for them to take . So they desire to grow up earlier in order to do the things they watch in tv , such as having a girlfriend/boyfriend or going to college . This fake believe robs them from their true fun , which at their age should be table games , or play station . For example , my younger cousin who is 9 wants to grow up as soon as possible . Therefore , he has bought ( with his savings ) things that a grown up should have like a cellphone . This obsesion to mature has shifted him away of the true enjoyable situations a child should experience . As maturity comes in a time for everyone , adults know that their time on earth is limited . Thanks to their previous eagerness to grow up , they did not have the chance to experience all the situations life had to offer . Hence , this time , they will make time ( if they need to ) in order to enjoy themselves and live life to the fullest . Although as an adult , one has more responsabilities and concerns , everyone tries to make the time to relax and enjoy life . This desire for living life to the fullest together with the new oportunities they now have is what allows an adult to finally achieve the joy they 've always been looking for . As joy is something everyone always desires , they will try to repeat their fun everytime they can . Overall , the statement that claims that young people have more fun than older people is a fallacy due several facts . Firstly , younger people try to run past their childhood in order to reach adulthood and have more freedom . But at this time , they are losing every oportunity to enjoy thier lives . Secondly , adults now that their time in the world is limited , hence they want to live to the fullest as they can . The truth is , adults due to their knowledge of life and time , are the ones that enjoy more life .
(KOR,medium) Some people argue that studying many academic subjects has more benefits than those of studying in one specific subject . However , I do not compeletly agree with their opinion because you can earn money so easily and you can announce your name to the world . First of all , this society is variety and changing consistly . In this society people should have their own proffesional job so they try to study one specipic subject . For example , there are many doctor in the world . But there was few doctors who can use gene freely even though many patients who have problem about gene are looking for the expert doctors to recover their health . So the proffesional doctors can earn the money easlier than non proffesinal doctors . Therefore it is important to study one subject in this society . Next , we should live our life very meaningful because a person can live only one time , So we will be a expert one subject and then our name are announced to the whole world . For instance , prof. Hwang woo suk who reveal the cell about human announced his name for discover his specific subject . He gave many honors and could earn money very much ( maybe unblieveable ) . If you will be expert in your subject , you can remain your name for the future . In short , there are two reason that people should study one specific subject ; earning
(TEL,medium) I do agree with the satement that `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' , because Iam a teenager of this generation . But if I would be a old generation teenager I would would think about this statement , I have a reasonable reasons for both of them which are explained below . If Iam a teenager of this generation I would strongly agree with the staement , because this generation is a well forward generation than aprevoius one , a lot of changes had came in this generation , the techonology is very much developed so as the minds of the people esspecially teenagers . They are well matured and knows about the outer world much better than the old aged people in this generation . They really enjoy the things much better than a old age person do , because they are well aware of all the consequences about what they are doing . For example , think of a student who tries to dirve a car in avery small age but his father is worried about him but he knews the consequences of it and drives a car which he enjoys a lot while driving . But if Iam a previous generation tenneager i would really think of it because the envoirnment then was not as today where we cant find a place to enjoy a lot . The main reason behind that is there no development at that time in many areas . And taking in view of old aged people they dont seems to enjoy more as the teenagers or young people do because , they are bound to there family and responsibitlies , which make them to look after all the family matters and they hardly have a time to enjoy the beautifull world . The old age people dont notenjoy a lot but they help their children do that . The young people doesnot have any soght of pressure on them such as family matters , bussiness and so on . So they can enjoy a lot where as a old age person cannot . On conclusion , I strongly agree with the stament because of the above provided reasons and examples which imples the statement .
(TUR,medium) Through a human life , a person usually finds a chance to develop himself about one or more topic in his academic life . It is unevitable concequence if he goes to a university . Some people believe that having a variety of knowledge about a range of academic subject is better than to master only one acadmic subject . However , without any doubt , it is better for person to specialize only one subject in his academic life , for his rest of life wheter he plans an academic career or not . First of all , if a man proceed to focus on only one subject in his academic life , he may become a proffessional or master about that topic . As a result , he may be a remarkable person who is recognized by a range of people . Moreover , people begin to show theirs respect his thoughts , academic works or papers rather than others who are not special on the related topic . As an another point of view , a person who works only one subject may likely to help to develop a device for humankind . As an illustration , new technological advancements are emerging in everyday life such as those companies that produce computer chipset . They develop and design smaller and smaller computer chips while their effiency inceares . These companies produce technology but how ? the reason behind it is they hire the person who has a mastership on related research areas such as computers or electronic science . In the conclusion , it is better for person to focus on only one subject in his academic career . By this way , he may become a admirable professor and influence people , or he may become a special man that is wanted by most of the companies .
(JPN,medium) Over the last 2 to 3 decades , the number of cars in all over the world has been increasing rapidly due to development in its technology . Howwever , in my opinion use of cars would be decrease in twenty years , becauase of a probable shortage of petrol , introduce of tough provision for global warming and the possibility of invention of anothee types of behicles . The following essay explain to support my perspective in more detail . To begin with , the amount of gas and exhaustion emitted by cars are crutial when it comes to addressing reduction of global warming and air pollution . Many governments nowadays promote poeples use of pubic transportation for commuting . In near future , it is likely that several nations make policies and procedures for that promotion , the aim of which much be to decease people & s use of cars . Futhermore , petrol price has been becoming higher and higher because of the shortage in the near future . Therefore , It seems that people will have to begin thinking about another types of behicles , which do not use petrol . At the moment , several car canpanies have tried to create electric cars , but still it is too pricy to target ordinaly people . Remarkably , some of the companies already started improving the techniques to creat other types of reasonable behicles . In conclusion , I belive the techniques and environmental concerns about global wraming will be promoted by 2026 . Use of cars might shift to newly produced behicles . Hence , this is predictable that the ues of cars would decrease than we use at present .
(TUR,medium) Some poeple think young people enjoy more than old people in life , so do I. Old people know the value of life . They have a lot of experiences . They know that when they enjoy with life , they lose somethings . But , young people can not know they will be loser , when they begin to enjoy with life . To me , all people enjoy life when they are young . Because , young people neither know , nor consider value of life . For instance , in Turkey all young people go to the parties , at all . They spend their time on fun . If you go to a club in Turkey , you can see young people , but you cannot see older people . In addition to this example , older people prefer to rest , rather than to go to enjoy . For instance , in here , old people become retired when they spend a lot of years to work . After that , they are usually found , or seen at their houses . Because they find their houses more comfortable than out of home . But young people use different method , when they are tired . For instance , in my university , there are parties at the end of all semesters . All students at the university are found at these parties . On the other example , young people do n't want to be their houses , when they are tired or angry to anything . I usually drive my car , when I am not happy . I like to do speed with my car . If I become my house during bad time , I become worse . Finally , young people spend more time to enjoy than older people . Because , when people are young they do n't know that they will be loser when they spend time on fun , rather than on studying , or on working . That is to say , people learn the value of life from youngster to oldster . When young people become old people , they start to spend less time on fun than before .
(ARA,high) Being successful is about knowing what you are doing and how you are doing it . But it 's also about taking chances and working hard to seek your ambitions and aspirations . And to do so , people should try new things and take new chances . But at the same time , they should be very careful with their actions and decisions , so that they wo n't regret if anything had happened wrong . First , In order to be successful , people should know exactly what they want and what they are looking for . For example , If a man wants to be successful in his job he needs to be working for something he really likes and he 's really good at . And not doing something just because that was the only opprotunity he got . He should try and find what he is good at and find what he really wants . Having a successful life is about having a happy , fulfilled and satisfying life . Second , People who want to be successful should go and find their own chances instead of just waiting for the chances to come to them . And if they passed through something hard along the way they should try their best to make it through without crumbling . They have to make the best out of everything . Third , successful people have to obtain the knowledge and the wisdom on how to keep their success rising instead of falling . Being successful once does n't mean that someday you wo n't be a failure . A person has to be confident in his work so that he would n't regret his actions later . To become a seccessful person and to obtain that postition . You have to know what you are looking for , try to reach out for your goals , and being confident in what you are doing . And at the end you will have a happy life .